six bizarre phone gadgets that actually
work this is the Shady it's kind of like
a popsocket that sticks onto the back of
your phone but with the added Twist of
it also being a fully extendable sun
shade to Shield your face from direct
sunlight it's also a fan but why bother
protecting your face when you can
protect your phone umbrella goes inside
so it's going to keep your phone cool in
the Sun and so that you can still see
your screen and also dry in the rain so
that you can still use your screen
number three is the folding stand you
stick to the bottom of your phone and
with one flick out it not just lets you
prop your phone up vertically but also
horizontally the trigger gaming grip
feels just as extreme you slot your
phone into it and then you line up your
game's virtual buttons to the
controller's physical buttons almost
feels like I'm holding too many
revolvers in my hands that's even
weirder than that though the face
tracking phone holder so you slot your
phone into the holder wherever you go
your phone goes you can start and stop
recording just by holding your hands in
funny position if it's getting a little
bit too much for you and you need to
Tech detox you can lock it all away in
phone jail so you set your time in hours
and minutes oh wait no I just did an
hour